README.md, before:

[![ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ko--Fi-farling-success)](https://ko-fi.com/farling)
[![patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Patreon-amusingtime-success)](https://patreon.com/amusingtime)
[![paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Paypal-farling-success)](https://paypal.me/farling)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions)
![Foundry Info](https://img.shields.io/badge/Foundry-v12-informational)
![Latest Release Download Count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/latest/module.zip)
![Forge installs](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Forge%20Installs&query=package.installs&suffix=%25&url=https%3A%2F%2Fforge-vtt.com%2Fapi%2Fbazaar%2Fpackage%2Feasy-regions)

# Easy Regions

Easy Regions makes it easier to find the correct UUID when managing regions.

It also works for other UUID fields which require a field of a supported type (Macro, Region, RegionBehavior).

## UUID references

- Adds a drop-down menu to all UUIDFields (e.g. for selecting a Macro, Region, or Region Behavior).

You can enter some of the text of the label (not the UUID) in order for the drop-down list to automatically shrink to just the entries containing the entered text.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/master/images/easy-region-example.png)

There is a module option to restrict the list of UUIDs for Scenes, Regions and Region Behaviors to only those in Scenes which have Navigation enabled (and therefore appear in the list across the top of the canvas). _This should help alleviate the list being too long in worlds with many scenes._

## Region Icons

- Define an Icon and specify its colour and size, to be displayed in the centre of each polygon of a region.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/master/images/region-icons.webp)

There is a module option to disable icons if they are not required.

## Highlight Regions with no Behaviors in Region List

- Changes the colour of the Config button in the Region list if the region has no behaviors configured on it.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/master/images/easy-region-no-behaviors.webp)

There is a module option to disable this highlighting if it is not required.

## Installation

The module can be found from Foundry's module settings page. Alternatively the latest version can be installed using the following link:

https://github.com/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/releases/latest/download/module.json

## Debugging

Additional output can be displayed in the Browser's console by enabling the Verbose view of messages, and entering the following command into the browser console:

`CONFIG.debug["easy-regions"]=true`

Commit message:

Add auto-linking of Teleport Regions

README.md, after:

[![ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ko--Fi-farling-success)](https://ko-fi.com/farling)
[![patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Patreon-amusingtime-success)](https://patreon.com/amusingtime)
[![paypal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Paypal-farling-success)](https://paypal.me/farling)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions)
![Foundry Info](https://img.shields.io/badge/Foundry-v12-informational)
![Latest Release Download Count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/latest/module.zip)
![Forge installs](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Forge%20Installs&query=package.installs&suffix=%25&url=https%3A%2F%2Fforge-vtt.com%2Fapi%2Fbazaar%2Fpackage%2Feasy-regions)

# Easy Regions

Easy Regions makes it easier to find the correct UUID when managing regions.

It also works for other UUID fields which require a field of a supported type (Macro, Region, RegionBehavior).

## UUID references

- Adds a drop-down menu to all UUIDFields (e.g. for selecting a Macro, Region, or Region Behavior).

You can enter some of the text of the label (not the UUID) in order for the drop-down list to automatically shrink to just the entries containing the entered text.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/master/images/easy-region-example.png)

There is a module option to restrict the list of UUIDs for Scenes, Regions and Region Behaviors to only those in Scenes which have Navigation enabled (and therefore appear in the list across the top of the canvas). _This should help alleviate the list being too long in worlds with many scenes._

## Region Icons

- Define an Icon and specify its colour and size, to be displayed in the centre of each polygon of a region.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/master/images/region-icons.webp)

There is a module option to disable icons if they are not required.

## Highlight Regions with no Behaviors in Region List

- Changes the colour of the Config button in the Region list if the region has no behaviors configured on it.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/master/images/easy-region-no-behaviors.webp)

There is a module option to disable this highlighting if it is not required.

## Automatic Linking of Teleport Regions, based on Region name

By setting up the pattern of your region names in the module settings, on creating a Teleport Behavior in a region then the behavior's UUID field will be automatically populated to the region that has a matching name - and that other region will have its Teleport Behavior set to point to this region.

For example, in a region called "A25 down to B05", creating a Teleport Behavior will automatically linked that behavior to a region with a name of "B05 up to A25". A Teleport Behavior will be created on the other region if it doesn't already exist.

A simple workflow:

- On first scene, create a region called "A01 down to B02"
- On second scene, create a region called "B02 up to A01", then create a Teleport Behavior in that region
- _the teleport will be automatically linked to the region on the first scene_


## Installation

The module can be found from Foundry's module settings page. Alternatively the latest version can be installed using the following link:

https://github.com/farling42/fvtt-easy-regions/releases/latest/download/module.json

## Debugging

Additional output can be displayed in the Browser's console by enabling the Verbose view of messages, and entering the following command into the browser console:

`CONFIG.debug["easy-regions"]=true`
